Male announcer:
Previously in the duels...
Two acts entered.
Only one survived.
[Both Screaming]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Dramatic Music]
The acts will go head-to-head...
[All Cheer]
And battle for a spot
in the next round...
You're going into
the lion's den right now,
and you have to go for blood.
♪ ♪
It's a battle royal.
Bring it on.
Ooh! Ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo.
This is how you win a competition.
I wouldn't wanna follow that.
Now we have a dance battle
on our hands.
ANNOUNCER: And...
We've saved
the most intense duel for last.
♪ ♪
Three acts enter...
[Cheers And Applause]
Only one survives.
Leaving the competition now is...
♪ ♪
AUDIENCE: Oh!
Okay, guys, welcome to the duels.
Just as a reminder,
the act with the highest score
from the qualifying round
will pick first.
Kinjaz, who do you pick?
We respectfully choose Stroll Groove.
[Cheers And Applause]
[Laughter]
Announcer:
For the first duel of the night,
the top scorers in
the teams division, Kinjaz,
chose 10th place stepping team
Stroll Groove.
♪ ♪
["High For This" By Deliver The Funk]
Kinjaz is one of
the most exciting teams to watch
in the competition.
In their first round,
they created movements
that was so riveting to watch.
Our style is influenced by,
like, a ninja culture.
It allows us to transform into anything.
You didn't need big,
crazy tricks
to keep it interesting,
and I was, like, locked in.
[Cheers And Applause]
[Soulful Dramatic Music]
♪ ♪
Stroll Groove was a big surprise for me.
It's not always about technique.
Sometimes it's just
about the passion of it.
♪ You're zestful every day ♪
Our group is here
to bring the unity back
through this art form.
You know, people are always
like, "Oh, it's just singing.
It's just dancing."
But it's not.
Love is what it's all about.
[Cheers And Applause]
["Jungle" By X Ambassadors]
♪ Into the jungle ♪
Yeah!
These are two very different teams
with two very different styles.
♪ Kinjaz ♪
Wait, what is this?
- Couple props
to help us with our performance.
- Oh, wow.
- One, two, three, four.
Kinjaz, they're gonna try
and be even more cinematic
to create this illusion of a temple.
It's mesmerizing, but only
if things line up perfectly.
You're stepping it up and
you're bringing these panels,
and I know you guys
are literally the cleanest.
Just don't lose that.
♪ ♪
Kinjaz are bringing the fire,
but it's irrelevant.
♪ Follow me... ♪
We're still gonna bring it
hardcore, raw.
Yes, that was so good!
That was so good.
For Stroll Groove, choosing
a '90s party anthem
is a fantastic choice.
That last little breakdown
that you guys did,
if there's any way to do just,
like, a tiny bit more.
I think that they would all be like...
"Ah!"
[Laughs]
♪ Ain't no God on these streets ♪
♪ In the heart of the jungle ♪
Our round one performance is like...
[Hums]
Our round two performance is like...
[Grunts]
[Laughter]
♪ Won't you follow me ♪
♪ Into the jungle ♪
It feels like a battle royal.
Kinjaz, we got you.
We're gonna bring it
Stroll Groove style.
Period.
First up, Kinjaz.
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ Oh that's what I got ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh that's what I got ♪
♪ Oh that's what I got,
oh that's what I got ♪
Kinjaz pride.
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ ♪
♪ Oh no, no you don't ♪
Hey!
♪ No, no, no, no, no, no ♪
- Kinjaz pride.
♪ Oh no ♪
♪ ♪
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ What you, what you got? ♪
♪ Huh? ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Oh that's what I got ♪
♪ Oh no, no you don't, no ♪
♪ Oh that's what I got,
oh that's what I got ♪
♪ Oh that's what I got ♪
Kinjaz pride.
♪ ♪
- Hey!
♪ Oh no, no you ♪
♪ ♪
Kinjaz.
Kinjaz pr-pride.
Kinjaz pride.
♪ ♪
[Cheers And Applause]
Kinjaz.
Bra-bra.
[Cheers And Applause]
This, to me,
is how you win a competition.
Every move is dynamic.
Being something small, something big.
It's not easy to be subtle
and explosive at the same time,
and y'all have mastered that.
[Cheers And Applause]
You use the group
in a very kind of a calculated way
that plays to all of your strengths.
It's not about all of us
out here all the time.
You guys are putting together
a performance, a show.
I really, really enjoyed it.
[Cheers And Applause]
You guys are, like,
the masters of illusion.
It was incredible.
One of your advantages is that
you guys have an identity.
You have a theme.
It's very clear.
You have... like,
I want one of those jackets.
You know what I mean?
Like, I'm like... literally...
Me too.
[Laughter]
If you're giving out jackets.
She's got enough jackets.
Don't worry about her.
I don't have one that says "Kinjaz."
So we said this before,
that we're looking for
the million dollar routine.
I think that was
a million dollar routine.
[Cheers And Applause]
We'll have to see how this round goes
'cause this is...
this is crazy right now.
Let's lock it in.
[Dramatic Music]
♪ ♪
Are we good?
- We're good.
Next up, Stroll Groove.
[Cheers And Applause]
["My Prerogative" By Bobby Brown]
♪ ♪
Get busy.
♪ Everybody's talkin' ♪
♪ All this stuff about me ♪
♪ Why don't they just let me live? ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I don't need permission ♪
♪ Make my own decisions ♪
♪ That's my prerogative ♪
♪ ♪
♪ About a brother ♪
♪ Trying hard to make it right ♪
♪ Not long ago ♪
♪ Before I win this fight ♪
- Sing!
♪ I don't need permission ♪
♪ Make my own decisions ♪
♪ It's my prerogative ♪
[Cheers And Applause]
There was more stepping in that.
I love that.
The sound was so fantastic.
It's so powerful.
It's so energetic.
Thank you.
Kinjaz picked you guys.
How'd that make you feel?
You know, Kinjaz, they're
a world-class crew, obviously.
But then we were like,
you know what?
We're gonna give you guys
a run for their money.
[Cheers And Applause]
- All right, yeah.
I like the performance.
It was definitely energy
from start to finish.
It felt like a house party,
but steppin' is what y'all do.
Give me something real quick.
- Let's go!
[All Shouting]
[Cheers And Applause]
[Laughs]
You see what you just did right there?
No music, just you by yourself?
That was more dynamic
than you guys' performance.
When you're battling somebody,
you're going into the lion's den,
and you have to go for blood.
BOTH: Right.
[Cheers And Applause]
So I think we're gonna go
and, uh, do the scores now.
- Ready to lock-in?
- Ready to lock it in.
We'll see what happens.
[Dramatic Music]
♪ ♪
The scores are locked.
It's the moment of truth.
Let's find out who's going
through to the next round.
♪ ♪
Kinjaz...
91.3.
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ ♪
Stroll Groove...
81.3.
Kinjaz, you're moving on
to the next round.
[Cheers And Applause]
["Irresistible" By Fall Out Boy]
♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh oh-oh-oh-oh yeah ♪
- Let's hear it one more time
for Stroll Groove.
♪ I love the way ♪
♪ I love the way you hurt me baby... ♪
Kinjaz, you guys are incredible.
Just keep it coming, man.
- Keep raising the bar.
[Cheers And Applause]
[Together] We got Kinjaz pride!
[Electronic Dance Music]
♪ ♪
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
It's the personality.
It's the faces that you make.
All I know is that
I wouldn't wanna follow that.
If somebody gets in the way,
somebody's gonna get hurt.
[Cheers And Applause]
That was, like,
a Super Bowl halftime show.
♪ ♪
That's what I'm talking about.
This is a battle.
♪ ♪
Male announcer:
Next up, in the upper division
Canadian cabaret act
Luka and Jenalyn
chose traditional ballroom duo
DNA.
[Dramatic Music]
[Cheers And Applause]
Luka and Jenalyn are doing cabaret,
which is like ballroom
with a lot of tricks
and acrobatics and a lot of lifts,
and they gave us
one heck of a first round.
We're here working out butt off to...
Kind of prove that, like,
anything is possible really
as long as you put your mind to it.
- That was really cute.
- Aww, thanks.
I'm sorry, that was just adorable.
[Cheers And Applause]
It was like a lift/trick clinic,
and the transitions
were seamless and very creative,
which made them
more interesting to watch.
♪ Don't tell me what to do ♪
[Cheers And Applause]
["Powerful" By Major Lazer]
♪ There's a energy ♪
♪ When you hold me ♪
DNA's qualifier performance
incorporated
a lot of ballet lifts,
a lot of contemporary moves.
They did a really great job of infusing
different elements of dance
within ballroom,
which makes for
a very exciting performance.
The lifts looked like
you were working a little hard.
If you gotta get in the gym,
bruh, and get a more...
get a little bit... whatever it is.
We're supposed to be amazed at
how effortless you make it look.
But they had so much intensity.
This is kind of what
I want ballroom to look like.
[Cheers And Applause]
Are you guys an actual couple?
We just got married.
So romantic.
[Cheers And Applause]
["Built For This Time" By Zayde Wolf]
♪ Standin' there on the edge ♪
This duel is going to rock the house.
One is bringing wow dancing
and the other is bring wow tricks.
I can't wait to see
these two styles head-to-head.
The judges, last time they loved
the wow factor of all the lifts,
so is your strategy a little bit,
like, bringing more of that into this?
Now, for this round,
we have to do tricks
that we've never done
and that no one's seen.
Yeah.
Luka and Jenalyn
have some incredible tricks.
They have put together a head spin
that is legitimately dangerous.
- Whoo!
- And she's let go.
If they pull that off,
maybe they will score
high enough to beat DNA.
Whoo!
Beautiful leg.
Yeah.
Yes! Yes!
[Exhales Sharply]
You guys are on fire.
Like, level ten.
You guys are coming to compete.
Our next performance
will be more powerful,
aggressive at times.
- Yeah.
And we are putting
some lifts as well.
I don't know if people
understand how hard that is.
It's essentially bench pressing someone.
- ♪ Keep the blood pumpin'... ♪
This time... I think I'm more ready than...
Now I feel like they are more ready...
[Chuckles]
This time.
- I'm going to the gym.
- Both of these acts
are pushing their boundaries
with ballroom dancing.
The question is:
Which of them are best able
to take it up a notch?
♪ ♪
We have so much riding on this.
We put so much work and effort in.
We feel like this is the time
for us to shine.
♪ Keep the blood pumpin' ♪
♪ I was built for this ♪
♪ Built for this time... ♪
We've been dancing for ten years.
Our competition experience
could really help us in this.
Bring it on.
This one is good.
This is a good battle.
♪ I was built for this time ♪
First up, Luka and Jenalyn.
[Cheers And Applause]
["Don'T Let Me Down" By The Chainsmokers]
♪ ♪
♪ Crashing ♪
♪ Hit a wall ♪
♪ Right now I need a miracle ♪
♪ Hurry up now, I need a miracle ♪
♪ ♪
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ Stranded ♪
♪ Reaching out ♪
♪ I call your name
but you're not around ♪
♪ I say your name
but your now around ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I need ya, I need ya,
I need you right now ♪
♪ I need you right now ♪
♪ So don't let me, don't let me ♪
♪ Don't let me down ♪
♪ I think I'm losing my mind now ♪
♪ It's in my head darling I hope ♪
♪ That you'll be here
when I need you the most ♪
♪ So don't let me, don't let me ♪
♪ Don't let me down ♪
♪ D-don't let me down ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Don't let me down, down, down ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ I think I'm losing my mind now ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Don't let me down ♪
♪ I need ya, I need ya,
I need you right now ♪
♪ Yeah I need you right now ♪
[Cheers And Applause]
Your first routine,
you had so many,
like, tricks and movements
that I was like,
"I don't know, did we see their best?
Do they have anything more?"
Uh, yeah, you do,
and we just saw it.
- Thank you.
- The tricks were remarkable.
The fact that you're balancing
her on your head, no hands,
and then finding front after that.
That's... that's difficult.
That was amazing.
All I know is that
I wouldn't wanna follow that.
[Cheers And Applause]
Man, y'all make it look so easy.
I'ma go home and try to spin
my wife on my head,
and we both gonna
wind up in the hospital.
That's what's gonna happen.
[Laughter]
Quality.
You should be proud of yourself.
[Cheers And Applause]
When you dance together with a partner,
you actually have to have
a real relationship,
and you're starting
to appreciate what she does
and she's starting
to trust you so much,
and that's why this was
a different level
than what we saw the first time.
- Yes.
And I would just say,
the in between steps
is what's gonna...
makes all of those moves
even more and more dynamic.
It's like,
"Crashing, hit a wall.
"Are you gonna be there?
I need you right now.
Or else I'm gonna fall
and crack my head open."
Right?
So... you're not gymnasts, right?
So, you're not acrobats.
You're dancers.
So don't forget that.
Make sure you're dancing
the whole time.
BOTH: Thank you.
[Cheers And Applause]
- We ready to lock it in?
- Let's lock 'em in.
[Dramatic Music]
♪ ♪
The scores are locked in.
Okay, DNA, it is your turn.
Go show us what you got.
That's what it's gonna take.
♪ ♪
[Cheers And Applause]
[Dramatic Music]
Yeah!
Next up, DNA.
[Cheers And Applause]
["Love Runs Out" By Onerepublic]
AUDIENCE: Ooh.
♪ I'll be your ghost ♪
♪ Your game, your stadium ♪
♪ I'll be your 50,000
clapping like one ♪
♪ And I feel all right ♪
♪ And I feel all right
'cause I worked it out ♪
♪ I'll be doin' this ♪
♪ If you have a doubt ♪
♪ Till the love runs out,
till the love runs out ♪
♪ I got my mind made up ♪
♪ And I can't let go ♪
♪ I'm killin' every second ♪
♪ Till it saves my soul ♪
[Together] ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ I'll be runnin' ♪
♪ I'll be runnin'
till the love runs out ♪
♪ Till the love runs out ♪
♪ And we'll start a fire ♪
♪ And we'll shut it down ♪
♪ Till the love runs out ♪
♪ Oh-oh ooh-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ We all want the same thing ♪
♪ For God, for fate ♪
♪ For love, for hate ♪
♪ For gold or rust ♪
♪ For diamonds or dust ♪
♪ I'll be your light,
your match, your burning sun ♪
♪ I'll be the bright in black
that's making you run ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I got my mind made up ♪
♪ And I can't let go ♪
♪ I'm killin' every second
till it saves my soul ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh I'll be runnin' ♪
♪ Till the love runs out ♪
[Cheers And Applause]
All right.
DNA, you guys are
beautiful ballroom dancers.
Really, really, beautiful.
I feel like you had a little bit
of a hiccup right at the top.
[Breathing Heavily]
Right? No?
[Laughter]
Yes.
BOTH: Yes.
- Yes.
- Doesn't matter.
You guys danced beautifully.
The footwork that you did back there,
the ganchos.
- Yeah, it was amazing.
It was really outstanding.
Yeah, it was sick.
There were a couple of little hiccups,
and you have to smash your competitor,
so we'll see.
[Cheers And Applause]
Yes, out of the double spiral
into the double turn,
you fell out of it,
but you kept going.
You picked yourself back up.
You guys are better technicians,
and the quality of dance,
like, the in between moments,
you guys are better.
Like I thought they were, like...
"Oh, they... you're going into,
like, a fish,
an Argentine tango fish,"
and then... but you didn't.
You went into something different
and it was a different line.
So I appreciated that so much.
It was so wonderful to watch.
[Cheers And Applause]
I remember the last time we saw you,
I said to you that
when you're doing your lifts
and your tricks and things,
it needs to look easy.
I feel like you took the note,
but then again,
there were a couple places
where there were little mishaps
here and there,
but other than that, quality.
That bench press though.
[Grunts]
I saw that moment.
All right, we're gonna
lock in our scores.
Let's lock 'em in.
[Dramatic Music]
♪ ♪
[Cheers And Applause]
The judges' scores are locked.
Let's see which act is moving on
to the next round.
♪ ♪
DNA...
80.3.
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ ♪
Luka and Jenalyn...
88.7.
Luka and Jenalyn, you're going through.
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ And I'm hangin'
on a moment of truth ♪
♪ I'm on the edge ♪
You guys are amazing at what you do.
Taking nothing away from you
as dancers.
You are incredible, but at this
level of competition,
this is a very, very narrow
margin for error.
Hope to see you guys next year.
Thank you so much.
[Cheers And Applause]
BOTH: Thank you.
Unfortunately, on stage
a few things went wrong.
So just really disappointed
that I didn't do...
- It's okay.
- A good job.
♪ I'm on the edge with you ♪
You guys delivered on the night,
and that's what it takes.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Thank you for everything.
Congratulations again.
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ And I'm hangin'
on a moment of truth ♪
[Laughs]
Just give me a high five.
I'm very glad that
he did not drop me.
- It doesn't happen.
Again, we take it very seriously.
In the three years
of our partnership,
he's never dropped me once,
which I'm very proud to say,
and I'm very proud
that we did a very good job.
- We did it.
- You know, it's unfortunate,
and I-I...
- Nerves are tough, man.
I mean, you... you hit it
right on the head.
You said... you said, "It's about
delivering in the moment,"
and they didn't. As great as they are,
they didn't deliver in the moment.
♪ ♪
You have to go for blood
for every single performance
that you do.
- Mwah!
- Whoo!
There's a reason why you are
the Jabbawockeez.
- Ooh! Ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo!
- Now we have a dance battle
on our hands.
[Cheers And Applause]
["Perm" By Bruno Mars]
♪ ♪
It's a hard round because
we have great people battling,
and we have to send
one of those acts home.
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ ♪
♪ What you can't dance,
ain't got rhythm? ♪
♪ What you got a man?
I don't see you with him ♪
♪ Put your phone down, let's get it ♪
♪ Forget your Instagram
and your Twitter ♪
♪ Got me like whoa... ♪
- Whoa!
It's the personality,
it's the faces that you make,
that really makes you guys stand out.
Thank you.
♪ Throw some perm ♪
♪ On your attitude ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Girl you gotta relax ♪
- Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
♪ Let me show you
what you got to do ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You gotta lay it back... ♪
That's what I'm talking about.
This is a battle.
- If somebody gets in the way,
somebody's gonna get hurt.
That's how hard y'all hit every move,
and I love that about y'all.
We lockin' in?
I hate this part.
- ♪ You gotta lay it back ♪
Here we go.
Let's find out who's going
through to the next round.
♪ ♪
[All Scream]
ImmaBEAST!
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ There's that smile I'm lookin' for... ♪
The duels are kind of brutal.
♪ ♪
I feel like we're gonna lose
a lot of great dancers.
Come on! Show us why you're here!
♪ Loosen them shoulders up ♪
♪ Pour it up, let's work ♪
♪ Throw some perm on your attitude ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Girl you gotta relax ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
[Grunts]
I love the use of the prop,
the lighting.
Couple cleanliness issues
here and there.
Nothing major.
- It was really affective.
It was magical.
♪ ♪
[Grunts]
♪ Show her how to lay it back ♪
♪ ♪
Whoo!
I've got goose bumps.
♪ Show her how to lay it back ♪
Definitely played up the passion.
The kiss felt real.
So did she... did she, like, die?
So, she died?
- She died of a broken heart,
and she was playing the castanets,
and it was her heartbeat.
- Thank you, Jennifer.
Oh.
[Laughs]
- Are we lockin' in?
- Yes.
- All right, let's do it.
- ♪ Silky smooth and snap ♪
♪ Now lean with it ♪♪ Lean ♪
Pasión!
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ Pat till it's flat ♪
♪ One more time you need to... ♪
In the duels, it's more intense
because... it's direct competition.
♪ ♪
You can see them and they can see you.
I don't envy them at all
in the realm of it.
Super duper clean.
We could hear every tap.
- Thank you.
- The competitive spirit.
Like, you jumped over there,
took it straight to them.
That's what a duel is about.
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ Let me show you
what you got to do ♪
♪ You gotta lay it back ♪
Matter of fact, band,
show her how to lay it...
♪ Back ♪
That was like
a Super Bowl halftime show.
Yeah.
Lockin' in.
♪ Show her how to lay it back now ♪
Ow!
Chapkis Dance Family.
[Cheers And Applause]
[Together] Chapkis family!
Chapkis family!
[Upbeat Latin Music]
Next up on stage,
D'Angelo and Amanda...
[Cheers And Applause]
Me and Amanda did set
a really high bar for us
in the last round.
- We're just hoping
that this round, we can do even better.
♪ ♪
Versus the Mihacevich Sisters.
We definitely fell like underdogs.
We're just three sisters
from Cleveland, Ohio.
♪ ♪
And this experience
has been so amazing,
and we're not ready for it to end yet.
First up, D'Angelo and Amanda.
Whoa!
[Cheers And Applause]
["Hip Hip Chin Chin" By Club Des Belugas]
The subject for
tonight's lecture is rhythm.
♪ ♪
The subject for
tonight's lecture is rhythm.
♪ ♪
[Cheers And Applause]
Okay, the last time we saw you,
you blew us away,
so you set a bar for yourself.
You came in a little
under that bar for me this time.
You have to go for blood
every single performance that you do.
Okay?
- ["Unstoppable" By Sia]
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I put my armor on ♪
♪ Show you how strong I am ♪
♪ I'll show you that I am ♪
♪ I'm unstoppable ♪
♪ I'm a Porsche with no brakes ♪
♪ I'm invincible ♪
♪ Yeah I win every single day ♪
♪ I'm unstoppable today ♪
♪ Unstoppable today ♪
[Cheers And Applause]
What I do love about this group
is that you do dance as one,
and that moves me...
- Thank you so much.
But I don't wanna see the same thing
each time you guys come out here.
I wanna see you push yourselves.
Okay?
I love your guys' connection
with each other,
but I believe the audience reacted more
to the other couple.
- Crowd appeal and impact
is one of our categories.
- Absolutely.
So great job overall.
We'll just see if it's enough.
Thank you.
[Cheers And Applause]
Let's lock those scores.
♪ ♪
- D'Angelo and Amanda...
78.7.
♪ ♪
- Mihacevich Sisters...
81.
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ Unstoppable today... ♪
Mihacevich Sisters.
♪ Unstoppable today ♪
♪ I'm unstoppable today ♪
[Electronic Dance Music]
Ooh! Ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Took it right to your opponents,
and that's what a duel is about.
♪ ♪
Now we have a dance battle
on our hands,
and that's what it should be.
Okay, guys, the picking is done.
So we have three acts remaining,
Jabbawockeez,
Ian Eastwood and the Young Lions,
and Rouge will go head-to-head.
[Cheers And Applause]
Male announcer:
With only one spot remaining
in the next round...
Will be dancing for their lives
in the ultimate three-way duel.
Rouge is a fiery group of unapologetic,
fearless women.
Rouge, here's what I love,
girls that can give you
that hard-hitting,
that attitude, that energy.
Rouge, all there.
They also made
quite an impression on Jennifer.
I wanna just take you on tour with me.
The... all of you.
[All Scream]
["Chunky" By Bruno Mars]
Ian Eastwood and the Young Lions,
super smooth performance,
very slick,
but if Ian Eastwood
and the Young Lions
are gonna go all the way
in this competition,
they're gonna need
to be a little less chill,
a little more dynamic.
They need a little more wow
in the routine.
♪ Slide with your boy... ♪
Competitively, we're the underdog.
A lot of us don't compete that often,
and we are putting ourselves
out there to be judged,
and that's scary.
♪ ♪
It felt like an artist's performance.
Again, this isn't a presentation,
this is a competition.
- The routine itself needed
to be just a little bit more exciting.
♪ Yeah you baby ♪
[Hip-Hop Music]
♪ Whoo the whole room is feelin' me ♪
The Jabbawockeez, hands down
one of the most well-known crews
in the competition.
Their first performance, though,
they... they didn't give us
classic Jabbawockeez.
They were a little more...
a little more chill.
♪ ♪
It felt like
there was more groove,
and a little less, like, isolation.
Call me old school,
I don't know,
but I loved the... the isolation.
Why come and put yourselves
on the line?
We come from nothing.
We do this, we live this,
and we only wanna grow.
[Cheers And Applause]
This is gonna be one of
the most exciting duels so far.
♪ ♪
And it's going to be hard
to not only lose one,
but two of our teams.
♪ Call it what you want shorty
what you need... ♪
The Jabbawockeez...
♪ We ain't never leave ♪
Who had to redefine
being clean and precise.
Come on, Joe, you gotta
get those arms right.
The judges wanted to see
the classic Jabbawockeez.
But we're a type of crew that
we wanna bring the unexpected
every single time.
Everyone's gunning for us.
Judges already have
expectations for us.
It will be interesting to see,
will the Jabbawockeez
stick with this new groove
or if they're gonna bring that
old school Jabbawockeez
and what they're really known for.
♪ All the way up,
just left the big house ♪
♪ To a bigger house ♪
Honestly, we were all very nervous.
They are both very established crews,
but at the same time,
this is what we came for.
We're just gonna bring it.
Rouge's strength is their choreography.
♪ And you should stay up ♪
They know how to balance
hard-hitting moves
with that feminine energy.
♪ Say I'm showin' off new things... ♪
Ian has really taken
the judges' comments to heart.
We look at last week as like,
"Okay, well,
we have to really step it up."
They definitely wanna deliver
all sorts of new dynamics
in this routine.
Jabbawockeez are
the best dancers on the planet.
This situation is for sure not ideal.
♪ I'm all the way up,
call it what you want ♪
♪ Shorty what you need ♪
We are not going
to underestimate them at all.
We're here for the competition.
We're here to get the job done.
This three-way is gonna be really tough,
but we're ready for this battle.
Even though we're not
Jabbawockeez or Ian Eastwood,
we deserve to be here.
♪ I'm all the way up ♪
Next up on stage, Jabbawockeez
versus Ian Eastwood and the Young Lions
versus Rouge.
♪ I'm all the way up ♪
♪ ♪
First up, Rouge.
[Cheers And Applause]
[Dramatic Music]
Let's go, ladies!
♪ ♪
["Trini Dem Girls" By Nicki Minaj]
[Blades Scrape]
Mwah!
♪ Which them girls
let me part the pum pum? ♪
♪ I'ma wind up them waist,
I'ma part the pum pum ♪
[Distorted Voice]
♪ He tryna kick it like a ninja ♪
♪ He tryna stick it like syringes ♪
♪ He don't know I play the benches ♪
♪ I'ma let him touch it
if he playin' with some inches ♪
♪ Which them girls
let me part the pum pum? ♪
♪ I'ma wind up them waist,
I'ma part the pum pum ♪
♪ ♪
♪ All the bad boys
try to push up on me ♪
♪ He want a bad girl
to come and spend his money ♪
♪ ♪
Whoo!
[Cheers And Applause]
Rouge, repping for the ladies.
I like it!
It's hard to compete
with that female sexy energy.
I love a good booty shake.
Everybody know that.
Hey, when in doubt,
shake it out.
Know what I'm saying?
- Everybody knows that.
You're all great dancers,
but at the same time,
the choreography could have been
just a tiny bit better.
I love the confidence.
You guys definitely had the tack.
There were a couple moments
where you lost me a little bit,
but other than that,
I thought it...
I thought it was good.
I feel like a diagonal line,
it didn't quite hit it.
It just felt a little bit sloppy
in areas,
but you made up for that
in your energy,
and we'll keep that in mind,
so...
Are we lockin' in?
[Dramatic Music]
♪ ♪
Next up, Jabbawockeez.
Okay, here we go.
[Cheers And Applause]
Wow.
[Remix Of "Scenario"
By A Tribe Called Quest]
♪ ♪
Drop, drop, drop, drop.
♪ As I combine
all the juice from the mind ♪
♪ Heel up, wheel up,
bring it back, come, rewind ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Powerful impact,
boom from the cannon ♪
♪ Not bragging... ♪
Ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo!
- ♪ Vo-cab-u-lary's necessary ♪
♪ When digging in the mind library ♪
♪ Oh my gosh, oh my gosh ♪
♪ Uh, pardon me, uh ♪
♪ As I come back ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Chockity Choco,
the chocolate chicken ♪
♪ The rear gone diesel,
butt cheeks they were kickin' ♪
♪ Yo bust it out before
the Busta bust another rhyme ♪
♪ The rhythm is in sync,
the rhymes are on time ♪
♪ Ripping up the sound
just like Horatio ♪
♪ Observe the, observe the,
drop the scenario ♪
♪ Check it ♪
♪ Check, check ♪
♪ So what's the scenario ♪
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ ♪
♪ We got the vibe ♪
[Distorted Voice]
Check on the word.
[Alarm Blaring]
[Cheers And Applause]
That performance really felt
like those break dance battles
from the '80s or something.
It was so authentic.
I'm getting really to see you
up close and personal
for the first time,
and your details is what I...
is riveting.
[Cheers And Applause]
I think you guys are
kind of at a disadvantage.
Because we know you,
we know your work,
we know you're amazing,
the bar is high for you guys.
We're competing against
our old catalogue,
and that's kind of hard, right?
Because we kinda set that bar.
There's a reason why you are
the Jabbawockeez.
You guys came in and you, like...
you took it right
to your opponents,
and that's what a duel is about.
I love the subtlety,
but the most dynamic part
of it for me was the cannon.
Boom!
Like, when that happened,
I was like,
"Okay, we're here to do it."
- Okay, we're gonna lock in.
- All right, lock in.
Okay?
[Dramatic Music]
♪ ♪
We are locked.
Ian Eastwood and the Young Lions,
are you ready?
- Ready.
- Let's go!
- Cool.
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ ♪
[Electronic Dance Music]
Coming up...
The judges have locked their scores.
In third place
and leaving the competition now is...
♪ ♪
[Soft Dramatic Music]
We feel like
we have something to prove.
♪ ♪
We're prepared,
but now everything's
A QUESTION: Is this enough?
It could go, really, any direction.
Next up,
Ian Eastwood and the Young Lions.
["Hot In Herre" By Nelly]
♪ Hot in ♪
♪ ♪
♪ So hot in here ♪
♪ So hot in ♪
♪ ♪
[Grunts]
Oh!
♪ ♪
Just a little bit of...
♪ I was like good gracious
ass is bodacious ♪
♪ Flirtatious trying to show faces ♪
♪ I'm just lookin' for the
right time to shoot my skeez ♪
♪ You know me
and the rest of my heathens ♪
♪ Check it got it locked
at the top of the Four Seasons ♪
♪ No teasin' I need you ♪
♪ To get up up on the dance floor ♪
♪ Give that man what he askin' for ♪
♪ Oh 'cause I feel like bustin' loose ♪
♪ And I feel like touchin' you ♪
♪ I said it's gettin' hot in here ♪
♪ So take off all your clothes ♪
♪ I am gettin' so hot
I wanna take my clothes off ♪
♪ Ah give a little bit of ♪
♪ With a little bit of ♪
♪ Let it hang all out ♪
♪ And a sprinklin' of ♪
♪ Let it just fall out ♪
♪ I like it when you ♪
♪ Girl baby make it ♪
Oh!
[Cheers And Applause]
Okay!
I feel like you guys took on
some of the notes
from the first time.
You know, last performance
felt a little bit
like an artist's performance.
You guys were kind of like
the backing dancers.
The details,
the way you guys used your
jacket at the end,
that was super creative,
really cool,
and the formation changes,
the group visuals,
you guys raised your personal game
from last week definitely,
so good job.
Thank you, thank you.
I gotta admit when I saw the lineup,
the Jabbawockeez are who they are.
Rouge is really, really strong,
so I was worried for you guys.
I'm... I'm not worried
for you guys anymore.
- Well, thank you.
- We have to look at
how you guys perform in this round
with this audience, and see who...
you know, just, like,
knocks it all the way down,
and really, really takes the round,
so now we have a dance battle
on our hands,
and that's what it should be.
[Cheers And Applause]
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
All right, we're gonna
lock in our scores.
[Dramatic Music]
♪ ♪
The judges have locked their scores.
In third place
and leaving the competition now is...
♪ ♪
With a score of 80 points...
Rouge.
Guys, aww.
[Cheers And Applause]
I already miss you,
and I hope to see you guys again
next year.
I really do.
♪ ♪
That leaves us with Jabbawockeez
and Ian Eastwood and the Young Lions.
Only one can stay.
Let's find out who made it
to the next round.
♪ ♪
Jabbawockeez...
84.7.
[Cheers And Applause]
Ian Eastwood and the Young Lions...
85.7.
Ian Eastwood and the Young Lions.
ALL: Ooh!
You are through to the next round.
Congratulations.
["There'S Nothing Holdin' Me Back"
By Shawn Mendes]
♪ ♪
Jabbawockeez, this entire room
is shocked right now.
I mean, it's heartbreaking
to see them go
because they were the standard
of what this is all about.
Give it up one more time
for the Jabbawockeez.
[Cheers And Applause]
♪ Enough to keep me guessing ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Maybe I should stop
and start confessing ♪
You know, this is a battle,
and that's what it came down to.
They just simply out-danced them
in this particular routine.
Make some noise one more time
for Ian Eastwood
and the Young Lions.
That was amazing.
♪ Oh I've been shaking ♪
♪ I love it when you go crazy ♪
To know that in a direct competition
we've sent people that
we've looked up to home,
is a crazy thing to process.
Shock. Straight shock.
This is not the last stop for us.
We're moving forward.
We're gonna come back stronger
and better than ever.
And hopefully go on the tour with J-Lo
'cause she... she promised us
that last round.
It's just an honor to be able
to take the stage with them
and actually be able
to take that and move on.
- Good day.
- Thank you, guys.
Thanks for coming out!
- Thank you for your energy!
- Sync & corrections by QueenMaddie
- = www.addic7ed.com =-
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org